<h1>JSM</h1>
<p>Hello, dear gamer. If you decided to read the description of the mod, and not download it right away, I can only thank you. You can consider this mod something like my course project, so do not expect anything special. However, I will still try to implement something interesting. In this mod, I want to add a variety of things that can be useful, for example, highly efficient types of fuel or something tasty, maybe even some mechanisms. I will immediately stipulate that I do not position this mod as a "mod of a strictly selected theme", rather I can add a variety of things, so let its content be a mystery for you. But if you do not like mysteries, you can look at the wiki. In any case, thank you.</p>
<h3>Version Policy</h3>
<p>Why minecraft 1.12.2? Well, what can I say... My PC is not capable of providing the necessary performance for developing a mod on new versions of the game. Of course, maybe one day I will work on new versions of the game, but it will not be soon. Regarding the version description, if you see the prefix "alpha", it means that some things in the mod may be without textures, translation or not work properly. The mark "beta" will mean that most things in the mod work fine, non-critical problems are possible, such as the absence of some recipes or translation errors. If the version is a release, then most likely everything is fine, but since I'm only human, I can miss something and in this case you can notify me about the problem on issues.</p>
<p><strong>Note!</strong> In the mod I have written a hard dependency on the latest version of Forge (14.23.5.2860), if the Forge version is lower, the mod will not start, and if it is higher, everything is fine. This is done so that if I use some parts of 45 that could change frequently, I minimize possible problems.</p>
<h3>Usage Policy</h3>
<p>This mod is provided under the MIT license, which means "as is". How you use this mod depends only on your moral standards. Want to sell my mod? Don't, it's not good. Want to embed my mod in your modpack? No problem, and if you provide a link to the official page, it will be even better. Want to make an addon to my mod or a fork? Go ahead! Show what you can do. Want to change something in my mod or suggest an idea? Write to issues, and if everything is okay, I will definitely add your name to the credits.</p>
